README.markdown, before:

# Blogo

Mountable blog engine for Ruby on Rails 4.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/greyblake/blogo.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/greyblake/blogo)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/greyblake/blogo/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/greyblake/blogo)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/greyblake/blogo/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/greyblake/blogo)

## Who uses Blogo?

* [Brainv2 - online brain tranings](http://brainv2.com/blog)
* [Travel Or Die](http://travel-or-die.com/blog)
* [SwingTradeBot](http://swingtradebot.com/blog)

## Quick start


Add the gem to Gemfile of you Rails application:

```
gem 'blogo'
```

Install the gem:

```
bundle install
```

Install initializer file:

```
rails generate blogo:install
```

Take a look into `config/initializers/blogo.rb` and configure what you need.

Install blogo migrations and run them:

```
rake blogo:install:migrations
rake db:migrate
```


Create a user:

```
rake blogo:create_user[user_name,user@email.com,password]
```

Mount the blog routes to you rails application in `config/routes.rb`

```
  Blogo::Routes.mount_to(self, at: '/blog')
```

Run the rails application and go to `http://localhost:3000/blog/admin` to create you first post!

Go to `http://localhost::3000/blog` to take a look at your posts.

## More information?

Please see [wiki](https://github.com/greyblake/blogo/wiki).

## Features

* Mountable rails engine
* Image upload
* "Read more" feature
* Tags
* Comments with Disqus
* Atom feed
* Pagination
* Designed to support multiple formats(html, markdown, whatever)
* WYSIWYG editor(for html format)
* Google Analytics
* Social icons (Github, Twitter, can be more if you need it)
* SEO optimized: generates meta description, keywords, meta tags for facebook([OpenGraph](http://ogp.me/)) and twitter
* Can be customized for your own needs.
* Very few external dependencies
* Localization support (en, es, pt-BR, zh-CN)


## Markup Formats


The next formats are supported out of the box, but don't forget to
add necessary dependencies to your Gemfile manually.

| Format   | Dependency |
|----------|------------|
| html     | -          |
| markdown | redcarpet  |


## Credits

* [Sergey Potapov](https://github.com/greyblake) - creator and maintainer
* [Diego Souza](https://github.com/diegosouza) - I18n support

## License

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.

Commit message:

Update README: troubleshooting for zsh

README.markdown, after:

# Blogo

Mountable blog engine for Ruby on Rails 4.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/greyblake/blogo.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/greyblake/blogo)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/greyblake/blogo/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/greyblake/blogo)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/greyblake/blogo/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/greyblake/blogo)

## Who uses Blogo?

* [Brainv2 - online brain tranings](http://brainv2.com/blog)
* [Travel Or Die](http://travel-or-die.com/blog)
* [SwingTradeBot](http://swingtradebot.com/blog)

## Quick start


Add the gem to Gemfile of you Rails application:

```
gem 'blogo'
```

Install the gem:

```
bundle install
```

Install initializer file:

```
rails generate blogo:install
```

Take a look into `config/initializers/blogo.rb` and configure what you need.

Install blogo migrations and run them:

```
rake blogo:install:migrations
rake db:migrate
```


Create a user:

```
rake blogo:create_user[user_name,user@email.com,password]
```

Mount the blog routes to you rails application in `config/routes.rb`

```
Blogo::Routes.mount_to(self, at: '/blog')
```

Run the rails application and go to `http://localhost:3000/blog/admin` to create you first post!

Go to `http://localhost::3000/blog` to take a look at your posts.

## Troubleshooting

If you use `zsh` and experience problem to create use through rake task, try to escape `[` and `]` characters:

```
rake blogo:create_user\[user_name,user@email.com,password\]
```

## More information?

Please see [wiki](https://github.com/greyblake/blogo/wiki).

## Features

* Mountable rails engine
* Image upload
* "Read more" feature
* Tags
* Comments with Disqus
* Atom feed
* Pagination
* Designed to support multiple formats(html, markdown, whatever)
* WYSIWYG editor(for html format)
* Google Analytics
* Social icons (Github, Twitter, can be more if you need it)
* SEO optimized: generates meta description, keywords, meta tags for facebook([OpenGraph](http://ogp.me/)) and twitter
* Can be customized for your own needs.
* Very few external dependencies
* Localization support (en, es, pt-BR, zh-CN)


## Markup Formats


The next formats are supported out of the box, but don't forget to
add necessary dependencies to your Gemfile manually.

| Format   | Dependency |
|----------|------------|
| html     | -          |
| markdown | redcarpet  |


## Credits

* [Sergey Potapov](https://github.com/greyblake) - creator and maintainer
* [Diego Souza](https://github.com/diegosouza) - I18n support

## License

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.
